6.0.20RNfixed broken links (#1318)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-0-20-april-2021.md

    [Active-Active](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/administering/creating-databases/create-active-active/)
    Redis databases.

> -   A new [migration process from regular Redis database to an Active-Active](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/administering/database-operations/migrate-to-active-active/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A new [migration process for Active-Active](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/administering/database-operations/migrate-to-active-active/)
```

    Redis database using the Active-Passive (Replica Of) mechanism.

> -   Support of [BITFIELD data type on Active-Active](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/references/developing-for-active-active/developing-strings-active-active/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Support for the [BITFIELD data type on Active-Active](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/references/developing-for-active-active/developing-strings-active-active/)
```
